=Sugar and Lies=
(A Different Her: The Women's Trilogy)
=Episode 12=
=Crash The Wedding While You Can=
Steven will be here any minute.
But our numbers
aren't hitting 100% because of
Chen Miaomiao and Hu Yitong.
It's bound to affect
the next round of funding.
You just wanted to toy with me,
didn't you?
Don't touch me.
An engagement gift.
Don't treat me like this.
If there's even a shred
of reluctance in you,
even just a flicker,
then find a way to keep me.
Alright?
Don't worry.
Even if I have to crash it,
I won't let them get engaged.
You truly want to marry Ding Daang?
I just need to reach my goal.
Anything else
doesn't matter to me.
Don't you think that's kind of cold?
Are you questioning me?
Surprise.
Mr. Steven's schedule changed last minute.
He asked me to represent him
as his psychological consultant.
I'm here to review the final report
on the next round of funding
of Keep Love.
President Hu,
you have quite the network.
Didn't expect a psychologist like you
to have more than one identity.
I'll walk you through
Keep Love's latest data
and its growth potential later.
The data?
President Yu,
numbers can lie.
Especially when the core data
has serious flaws.
To be specific,
a young woman
was used by her own brother
as a test subject,
but the experiment failed.
You plotted against me.
Yu Kun, oh Yu Kun.
Keep Love,
the one you hyped to the skies,
couldn't even heal
your sister's heart.
Once the world finds out,
how will you answer your investors?
By the way,
tomorrow is my engagement party
with Ding Daang.
As her unforgettable ex,
you really should come.
See for yourself
how a perfect partner
whom you handed to me
becomes mine
right in front of everyone.
(Joy)
Miss, you look stunning.
On my engagement day,
I want to wear this dress too.
To get engaged,
you need a boyfriend first.
(Aming,)
(will you show up?)
Stop overthinking it.
This is nothing but a gamble.
Whatever the outcome,
you need to face the truth.
I admit, I am taking a bet
on the last piece of his sincerity.
He might act on impulse for me once more.
If I win this bet,
there's still a chance for us.
Alright.
Whatever you want to do,
I'll back you up.
Ding Daang.
The guests are waiting.
Let's head inside.
What are you stalling for?
Come on, get in there.
Everyone's waiting for you.
♪Somehow you're still here,
crying with me♪
Congratulations on your marriage.
♪They say♪
The bride is absolutely beautiful.
Come on, look over here.
♪Some endings cannot be changed♪
♪They don't belong in sweet memories♪
♪I've already lost you♪
♪Thinking of it takes my breath away♪
♪The movie ends, so many couples around♪
Aming.
Come back.
Please, come back.
Aming.
I don't want to waste time.
I warned you before.
Stop bringing up the past.
Don't call me Chen Aming.
My name is Yu Kun.
You decide for yourself.
♪I've learned how to cherish
what we had♪
If even a part of you still cares,
then find a way to keep me.
Once I leave here,
I'll never want to come back.
Which city do you want to live in most?
Mancheng.
Mancheng is where we made
the best memories together.
I want my wedding
to be held at the seaside in Mancheng.
Give me the most romantic
and the most beautiful wedding ever.
Please?
Well...
Then you need to tell me
what kind of gifts you want.
So I can get them ready.
Since you ask,
I'll name everything I want.
♪That song suddenly started playing♪
♪And I thought of you again♪
♪Even though I swore to the world
we were done♪
♪All my friends laughed at me♪
I want...
Tong Sui just like this.
At least ninety-nine bowls of it.
♪You keep running through my mind♪
I hope our love
can last for a lifetime.
♪Why♪
♪You walked out of my world♪
Yu Kun.
What are you trying to do?
I'm here to congratulate my first love
on her engagement
treat everyone to
Tong Sui, Miss Ding's favorite.
Ding Daang.
I kept my promise.
What about you?
Was that slap too much?
The harder it hits, the faster it works.
The closure Boss wants
is never a gentle goodbye.
My Maimai looks so cool.
Right?
She's unstoppable
when she's protective.
Being lovesick is like catching a virus.
You should get it fixed soon.
Are Boss's stats increasing?
No one's getting married today.
Chen Miaomiao.
Are you crazy?
Get out of here!
Am I the crazy one?
She took everything from me.
Hu Yitong.
Do you really think
she's your true love?
She's a third wheel
who broke up someone else's relationship.
Stop pretending to be innocent.
Who told you to come back?
I told you already,
I'd take care of it.
Yet you still called off the engagement
for a jerk like me.
That's because I made Aming a promise.
I'd only marry him in this life.
I kept my word to him.
But all of this
has nothing to do with you.
Have you asked him what he really wants?
He just wants to forget the pain.
Why did you get to decide?
If he's suffering, I'd rather he be gone.
Chen Aming.
It's been so many years.
You're still holding on.
You think you can get out of here?
♪I forgot this is a movie meant for one♪
♪Somehow you're still here,
crying with me♪
♪They say♪
♪Lovers should never hold hands
while watching a sad movie♪
♪Some endings cannot be changed♪
♪They don't belong in sweet memories♪
♪I've already lost you♪
♪Thinking of it takes my breath away♪
♪The movie ends, so many couples around♪
♪Yet none were ever like us♪
♪The past will always pass♪
♪If you could still hold me tight
in your arms♪
♪I'd believe
that there are miracles in love♪
♪I'd prove
that I'm still in love with you♪
♪I've learned how to cherish
what we had♪
♪But sadly, it's not you♪